fix(sdk): reduce logging from release build (#122)
hCaptcha/HCaptcha-ios-sdk: MAINTAINERS.md

### Where is the logic for releasing packages for `Carthage` or `Swift Package Manager`?

Unlike `Cocoapods`, `Carthage` and `SPM` are decentralized. They do not require any centralized updates per version.

> ### How the release will be triggered?
> 
> It's triggered by tag on default branch (at this moment it's `master` branch). Don't tag on feature branches! Just update metadata for release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### How is a release triggered?

We use GitOps. It is triggered by a version tag on the default branch (`master`). This must be done by an administrator, as we use tag protection. Don't tag the new version on feature branches, just update the metadata for release.
```
